Any danger of not being useless today?
Go!! 
@MCONLEY10 Go score a big'un tonight!
Lets go Mike! 
Nothin but up tonight, Mike!
You got this!
Linchamiento a Mike si no hace un partido de 20 pts!
Leaving work to take the family to see the boys do some work @utahjazz @spidadmitchell @MCONLEY10 @Joeingles7 @rudygobert27 #TakeNote
We got your back.
Ameeeennnn
VAAAAMOO VAMOO LO MORMONEE VAMO A GANAAARR QUE TU HINCHADA ANTIFASCISTA AQUII ESTAAAA YYOOO TE SIGOOO A TODA PARTEE A DONDE VAAAASSS REEENUNCIAAA PIÑERAAAAA Y CHUPALAAAAA 
Cuenta la leyenda que cuando Conley marque 40 puntos, Piñera renuncia
You got this Mike!!! Jazz Nation believes in you!!!
Yo le estoy dando 15 partidos de margen, jajajaj. Espero que se enchufe ya.
Eeen un barrio de Utitah no sé porqué, seee juntaron los antifas de Salt Lake, tooodos juntos combatieron la represión del Estado y del patróooon 
You got this!
You got this man!
Llevamos 13 días aguantandola jiles culiaos y no vamos a parar hasta conseguir DIGNIDAD solo le pido a mi @utahjazz que me de una alegría... Y VO @MCONLEY10 SUS 25 PTS PROMEDIO, CON TOO SI NO PAKEEEE!!!! 
We believe in you Mike! Go Jazz!
Ando belico mano, me salió del alma 
 
just some friendly advise, we would like to ball to go IN the rim. Thanks!
You got this Mike!!!!
@MCONLEY10 I need you to show up today Brodie ! They over here acting like the don’t know who you are!
Lol just stop replying... good choice
True Westbrook cant even handle rookie Mitchell and the jazz with Melo and PG... not good enough to argue with Jazz fans.
This is what #JazzNation looking foward to.
We got 12 years of data that show what you can do. No worries. We got you.
@MonicaRoose
Keep that grind #Playmaker #EveryGameCounts #GetTheRings
U got this mtn Mike
You'll get right eventually. Honestly as long as you're right by the playoffs we good.
Less go #TAKENOTE
Ball our Mike!!! Grateful to have you!
You got this Mike! Stuff gonna start falling soon and then they’re all gonna pay
Let’s go Mike 
It's gonna be a break out game for Mike


@MCONLEY10 jazz fans have your back!! We believe in you!! 
Let’s get it Mike! Just keep playing your game, it’ll come! The real Jazz Nation is behind you! #TakeNote
What is he averaging right now?
-Russell Westbrook Fan Account
Don’t worry about Mike. He is a professional and true competitor. Opposition in all things. It is early, he will be on top...soon! Faith.
Lol bro you can’t even shoot damn
"He will find it (his shot), I have all the confidence in the world and he will be the cherry on top of all of this.” @19scottmitchell on @MCONLEY10 getting his groove back #TakeNote
Why are you on Michael conleys twitter in the first place lmao so insecure

Why argue with a Jazz fan?
Drive KD and PG out of town and sacrifice wins for personal a accomplishments no one cares about?
@ZDemass
Wear tha headband Mike I feel like it's apart of your game that you've been missing!

Cry?
Mike we love you so much
Behind you all the way, Mountain Mike! It’ll come!
You need to relax out there.... You don't have to prove to anyone that you can play. Just play....
I know you’re not a Russel Westbrook fan tweeting Michael Conley about bricks right now
Go get it Mike!!
Have fun out there! Play with a smile on your face, enjoy! You are an awesome human being and a terrific basketball player! We gonna support you out there no matter what! LOVE YOU
LETS GOOO
Rooting for you my man!
You got this man
Lou’s gonna drop 40
What's the best public golf course in Utah? @PKKinahan @brit_covey2 @MCONLEY10 @ZoneSportsNet
My first home game of the year, looking forward to it!
Let’s go!
We love you Mike! Keep working and we will keep supporting, through the good times, and the bad! Let’s get that win tonight!
Seriously Mike, zone out all the noise and keep chucking. Go 0/14, get to the line and hit 1/2. Keep that +\- as low as possible. Keep looking nervous with the ball. We are with you baby! Go earn that $32M 
Plz make shots my Roto team’s FG% sucks rn
Let’s go bro! Big game for you tonight!
Mike, we are behind you. Get that mojo back and let’s dominate.
Lets goooooo! #mountainmike #takenote

Mike, I feel like you need to hear this right now. Tune out all the noise.. you are the chosen one. One year from now we’ll be looking at our championship banner debating where to put your statue. LFG. @taneldredge
Bum
Let’s go Mike! Be aggressive.
Lololololol

Let’s go Mike #MountainMike
Go get em, Mike!
Have a feeling we’re gonna get a big game from him tonight
Keep shooting!! It will come

@MCONLEY10 Mike I love you man but you're killin my fantasy team right now.
ELITE
What was your FG% in your last NBA game?
#GNG
Hoping for a good showing from the team, man! Go get em!
are you gonna beat off alone in your room again tonight
Csm 
Let’s Go!
Utah is behind you bro lessgetit 
Thank you, Mike. Very cool!
Letss goo !!! 
If you ever want a hug from a jazz fan, hit me up!
Are you gonna go 1/14 tonight
PONTE LAS PILAS GUACHO CULIAO YERA
Let's get it! You're the man
 