what was he? like 9/26? oh yea he had a great game though
Does everyone forget that @MCONLEY10 had 29 points and a dominant performance like 5 days ago? I mean c’mon dudes a baller
@MCONLEY10 It's gonna be funny when we look back in the spring and laugh about the early adjustment struggles #stayballin
I’m just hear to educate folks on the Roman Empire! 
Lol I tagged you when I saw this but didn’t even realize you changed ya name 
@chrisdelia
Unless you subscribe to material monism, like Heraclitus, in which case there is no contiguous “Rome” and all of its aspects could be said to have been built within any span one chooses to count....
True. However we aren’t going to get taller either. Rebounding is a real concern.
The Roman Empire also didn’t rebound... Just playing! Let’s go! The rebounding will be fixed! Can’t wait to see what this team does! #TakeNote
Dribble by dribble! You can do this
So true! Just like Rome the team must be built brick by brick. No shortcuts taken!
What shoes are you wearing
Someone tell me has anyone ever thought about getting Kevin love to the jazz? I love all the jazz roster. But how could you guys add a @kevinlove 
Exactly the reason I know how hard the empires fall.
Aren’t the Celtic in that post fallen Empire State right now?
I’d find room for Utah cause they play with 4 whenever @MCONLEY10 is on the floor and still have a winning record
Amen, there is magic in this team just let it flow naturally.
Yes... but make should you start ASAP otherwise is gonna be too late
in France we have an expression that says: It is at the end of the ball that we pay the musicians .... I believe in you go jazz
After 1000 years. I'll take it.
I am very excited to see all the guys start clicking night after night! A super talented group & they all just need to find their groove! Keep hitting on all cylinders @spidadmitchell ... it'll pay off soon for sure!! @utahjazz #takenote
Dumb response.
True - nor was the Salt Lake Temple 
Exactly! We got your back @spidadmitchell @MCONLEY10 Let’s start by handing Philly an L@on Wednesday night!
That empire fell though.
Mike is hurting my fantasy team!
Kinda of think your team doesn’t have better screen right now. Mike Conley definitely got used to play with big bodies that he can find better space to shoot. But hey I didn’t watch all the games so this is just part of my guess.
Be you Mike! We know you will be back to your dominant self soon! Tough start to the season with a really tough schedule, gotta be exhausting. But just be you, we believe in you!
@chrisdelia
Agreed 100% 
7 Pocket Distressed Desert Camo Cargos // @MCONLEY10 
This year, Spida and Mike will be the best complete back court the Jazz will ever have, mark my words! Be patient and let's add our first SG Statue someday! Stick with Utah Spida, we got your back!
Dude, it’s coming...finished product gonna be sweet! 
The real Jazz nation ain't worried. 
2 jugadores que están decepcionando en este inicio de campaña y mucho. O al menos a mi me están decepcionando. @MCONLEY10 en Jazz 11/39T3 (28%) con el equipo de Salt Lake City y balance 4-3. Y ya no digamos la con un horripilante 17/79T3 (21%) con Rockets y balance 3-3
Very excited about the Utah Jazz. It’s a long season and i am sure we will be great. Bojan and Conley are immense, and once we have this team clicking, it will be awesome to watch. @spidadmitchell @MCONLEY10 @utahjazz 
philly fans stink 
Agreed. You guys got this ‘#jazzNation
Fucking monster
We need another big man, you guys are doing great we just need a ball hound on the boards. Sure fun to watch though. Losses are gonna happen, but you guys play your butts off that’s what counts.
We got faith!!! This team will rule soon!
I can't wait until you guys have been together for a few months! This team is fun now and gonna be SO EXCITING in a few months!! #GoJazz
if mike stops shooting so much, it can be
Your fans are with you Donovan!
You played amazing last night. We were at Staples Center to support the Utah Jazz. My team forever!
Well said Donovan! This team has a lot of new players so it’s going to take time to gell. We’ve seen how good this team can be when they have it clicking on all cylinders. We will be fine, just be patient Jazz fans and everything will work out.
But it lasted decades @spidadmitchell
Focus on the positive not the negative, never to high, never to low! Go Jazz! Let's go..... 
Naw. He looked pretty good when he dropped 29 the other day with 18 in the 3rd quarter 
Way to go Spida! Another tough L, but we know you guys will fix the glaring issues.
This how you look every time you sneak into @vivintarena without a ticket 
Dude those Refs sucked they worried more about travel calls than anything else. They were grabbing and elbowing you guys all night.
Yeah, it was like a thousand years!
Rome never lost to Sacramento though.
@chrisdelia
Its a new squad & still learning each others game. Jazz got this!
Sorry to say that but @MCONLEY10 has never been worth that kind of money. Even when playing well and especially not now. #NBA @utahjazz
Amen, got some work to put in gents. I have faith in you. Tell @MCONLEY10 to keep his head up, this offense is not what he is used to but he’ll get used to. Just get those defensive rebounds and you’ll win more games!
Have faith ....... #jazztwitter we are in good hands. @spidadmitchell @MCONLEY10 #TakeNote
#NBA Toujours pas de perfect mais encore une très belle nuit Brogdon | Lebron+Lakers | Doncic +20pts @4.53 On remercie @MCONLEY10 qui nous nique la côte @15.17 On s’amuse bien en ce moment ! #TeamParieur #Parionsport #TeamPronos #SASLAL #CavsMavs #INDCHI
Seeing a lot of positive things with you guys, and a lot of exciting things as well. Keep up the great work. Onward and upward!
so jazz upgrade significantly on offense and add more scoring in off-season. and yet they still get blown out by lakers just a couple games ago ? it's still a promising and optimistic season. hopefully jazz are last team standing
if mike conley’s shots are building it i think we could arrange something they coming by the heap
Please tell 'em to put a body on people and not just watch the ball till the other gaurds, forwards, and centers grab the offensive rebound over and over again. Way to play tonight tho.
Utah loves you Donovan
Sure... Jazz 2019/2020 NBA champs
Conley trade was a bust. Not your fault. I'll be there 76ers & bucks. Now you need to rebound, point & shoot. If anybody can. The Spidaman can.
Keep grinding man!!!! You guys looks great, I’m sick of these fair weather fans that are only here when we win and bash on the team every night. They can GTFO. #TakeNote #Jazznation
Word.
come on ,just do it
beat Milwaukee and Philly and everything is alright
rockets got destroyed by two rookies and jimmy butler, hold this L
So you saying @utahjazz fans gotta wait 1000 years for y’all to be good ijs #gospursgo
Y’all ain’t Rome though. You’re utah lmfao 
First time seeing you in person, seriously one of the fastest and fluid pull up jumpers I’ve ever seen, Preciate you giving your all tn 
Will be built soon though will all those bricks
Good to see you my G! 
Game 8 on Wednesday! You did your thing @spidadmitchell you’re amazing!
if Mike gets some more shots, it might be 
Same but with my bank account/ credit score
Have you ever been to Rome? @spidadmitchell
West is strong, dont wanna play catch up.
You do know Rome got its name because Romulus killed his brother right? So if you want to be Rome, you’re going to have to get rid of Conley.
Tell your boys to box out. Rome did fall rather quickly 
Not even 10% of the season gone. Plenty of time....
Rome is still not complete #TimeIsTicking
Listen to the man...it's gona come together @Finstaaaaaaa @RealFreeBrowny
Yep, it won’t be built for another thousands of years.
 
One of the best games I've ever seen you play tonight 
Yeah but my clown act was
𝙄 𝙡𝙤𝙫𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙞𝙨! 
I love you so much Donovan. The state of Utah owes you
Indeed lmaoo
 Diego must be having a stressful night
MItchell and Conley on the same team... now that’s a scary sight

No doubt , this is just game 7 lol
Let’s go boys. Get this streak going
Facts also I saw u on the gram defending Conley. Atta boy spida.